com/jinxin/jetpacktest/BuildConfig.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.BuildConfig
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/StudentAdapter.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.StudentAdapter
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.StudentAdapter$ViewHolder
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/dao/StudentDao.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.dao.StudentDao
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/ItemRecyclerViewBindingBinding.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.ItemRecyclerViewBindingBinding
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/EventHandleListener.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.EventHandleListener
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/workmanager/WorkManagerTestActivity.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.workmanager.WorkManagerTestActivity
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.workmanager.WorkManagerTestActivity$1
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.workmanager.WorkManagerTestActivity$2
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.workmanager.WorkManagerTestActivity$3
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/TowWaySimpleBindingViewModel.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.TowWaySimpleBindingViewModel
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/Book.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.Book
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/LoginModel.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.LoginModel
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/asynctask/InsertStudentTask.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.asynctask.InsertStudentTask
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.asynctask.InsertStudentTask$OnTaskListener
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/livedata/StudentViewModel.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.livedata.StudentViewModel
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/LayoutContentBinding.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.LayoutContentBinding
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/livedata/LiveDataRoomTestActivity.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.livedata.LiveDataRoomTestActivity
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.livedata.LiveDataRoomTestActivity$1
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.livedata.LiveDataRoomTestActivity$2
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.livedata.LiveDataRoomTestActivity$3
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.livedata.LiveDataRoomTestActivity$4
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.livedata.LiveDataRoomTestActivity$5
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.livedata.LiveDataRoomTestActivity$6
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.livedata.LiveDataRoomTestActivity$7
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.livedata.LiveDataRoomTestActivity$8
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/MyDatabase.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.MyDatabase
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.MyDatabase$1
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.MyDatabase$2
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/ActivityRecyclerViewBindingBinding.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.ActivityRecyclerViewBindingBinding
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/BookRatingUtil.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.BookRatingUtil
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/RecyclerViewBindingAdapter.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.RecyclerViewBindingAdapter
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/entity/Student.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.entity.Student
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/asynctask/UpdateStudentTask.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.asynctask.UpdateStudentTask
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.asynctask.UpdateStudentTask$OnTaskListener
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/RecyclerViewBindingActivity.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.RecyclerViewBindingActivity
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/MainActivity.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.MainActivity
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/RecyclerViewViewModel.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.RecyclerViewViewModel
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/asynctask/QueryStudentTask.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.asynctask.QueryStudentTask
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.asynctask.QueryStudentTask$OnTaskListener
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/workmanager/UpLoadLogWorker.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.workmanager.UpLoadLogWorker
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/ActivityTowWayBindingBinding.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.ActivityTowWayBindingBinding
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/RoomTestActivity.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$1
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$2
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$3
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$4
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$4$1
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$5
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$6
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$6$1
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$7
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$7$1
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.RoomTestActivity$8
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/TowWayBindingActivity.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.TowWayBindingActivity
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/TowWayBindingViewModel.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.TowWayBindingViewModel
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/room/asynctask/DeleteStudentTask.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.asynctask.DeleteStudentTask
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.room.asynctask.DeleteStudentTask$OnTaskListener
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/ActivityDataBindingTestBinding.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.ActivityDataBindingTestBinding
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/RecyclerViewAdapter.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.RecyclerViewAdapter
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.RecyclerViewAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/ImageViewBindingAdapter.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.ImageViewBindingAdapter
com/jinxin/jetpacktest/databinding/DataBindingTestActivity.java
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.DataBindingTestActivity
 com.jinxin.jetpacktest.databinding.DataBindingTestActivity$ClickHandle
